projects/mixed-plate.md, before:

---
layout: project
type: project
image: img/mixed-plate/mixed-plate1-1.png
title: "Mixed Plate"
date: 2024
published: true
labels:
  - JavaScript
  - GitHub
  - MongoDB
  - React.js
  - Node.js
  - BootStrap.js
  - Meteor
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Excel
summary: "Mixed plate's app was designed to forecast company's financial budget."
---
<img class="img-fluid" src="../img/mixed-plate/mixed-plate.png">

## What is Zero Waste?
Please see our site at [Mixed-plate WEBSITE](https://mixed-plate.github.io/).

A non-profit organization operating a reusable takeout container program to replace single-use plates at events has been experiencing significant losses, with 20-30% of containers needing to be added. A system was developed to hold customers accountable for returning the company's reusable containers to counter this issue. The Zero-Waste app tracks these containers and maintains a database to ensure efficient management and return tracking.

### Features

To get started, there are two ways to access the logging system. You can use vendor credentials to log in. Once the vendor has successfully logged in, a dashboard will display with vital information regarding container distribution and inventory. For the vendor manager, we have two pages - the first is for adding containers, where the vendor can add as many containers to the inventory as needed. The second is a tracking page which will list the number of orders made by users, providing us with a unique number called an order ID number. This helps us recognize the details of each order, including the number and type of containers borrowed by each user. Using this method, we will be able to provide the appropriate refunds.

## Milestones
The progress in achieving Zero Waste goals was organized through an issue-focused strategy, managing developments by categorizing them into distinct milestones, each functioning as its own project.

#### M1
In Milestone 1, our main aim was to establish the fundamental functionalities crucial for page creation. My primary task was to create mockups using presentation tools like PowerPoint, illustrating the project's challenges and our proposed solutions through visuals and ideas.
#### M2

During Milestone 2, our focus shifted to assembling the pages using the components developed in Milestone 1. My primary responsibility was to translate the mockups into functional web pages, specifically creating user pages and updating the organization's website with live screenshots from the developed pages.

#### M3
In Milestone 3, our main efforts were directed towards finalizing the payment page and conducting thorough testing to ensure the proper functionality of the QR code.

Commit message:

Revise mixed-plate.md with new project details
Updated the mixed-plate project documentation to include new features, milestones, and a financial planning platform description.

projects/mixed-plate.md, after:

---
layout: project
type: project
image: img/mixed-plate/mixed-plate1-1.png
title: "Mixed Plate"
date: 2024
published: true
labels:
  - JavaScript
  - GitHub
  - MongoDB
  - React.js
  - Node.js
  - BootStrap.js
  - Meteor
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - Excel
summary: "Mixed plate's app was designed to forecast company's financial budget."
---
<img class="img-fluid" src="../img/mixed-plate/mixed-plate.png">

## What is Zero Waste?
Please see our site at [Mixed-plate WEBSITE](https://mixed-plate.github.io/).

Developed a user-friendly financial planning platform that allows clients to securely input financial data, which is then processed using proprietary algorithms to generate personalized insights and visualizations. Implemented role-based access, financial data forms, dashboards, and a streamlined user experience.

### Features

Key features include secure financial data entry, role-based access control, interactive dashboard visualizations, administrative management tools, CSV-based data import, a fully responsive Next.js interface, and continuous integration through GitHub Actions.

## Milestones
The progress in achieving mixed-plate goals was organized through an issue-focused strategy, managing developments by categorizing them into distinct milestones, each functioning as its own project.

#### M1 Initial Set up

focused on establishing the foundation of the project. The team created a full team contract, defined roles, and aligned responsibilities. We also set up the project using the Next.js template and created the initial UI for the landing page, sign-in page, input page, and dashboard.

#### M2 First customer deliverable

This milestone was primarily about preparing a functional workflow for financial data entry and ensuring the project met early customer expectations.

#### M3 Forms Mockup & Continuous Integration
Milestone 3 focused on refining the forms used for budget and audited data. We removed placeholder values, added missing items to the audited balance sheet, and created mock-up versions for the redesigned forms.
#### M4 Role Enhancements & UI Improvements

In Milestone 4, the team added more user roles and connected functionalities to those roles. We made major improvements to the audited balance sheet by adding total calculations and redesigned the form UI to more closely match the original spreadsheet format.
#### M5
